Add additional information for 11.0 upgrade (#1879)
ubccr/xdmod: docs/upgrade.md

Reviewer: I believe we want to specify the mongo version here. From the notes when you were helping with staging it looks like specifically `$ yes '' | pecl install mongodb-1.18.1`

          ``sed -i 's|DEFINER=`xdmod`@`localhost`||g' backup.sql``
4. Import the CentOS 7 exported database files into the Rocky 8 server's database.
    1. `mysql < backup.sql`

> 5. **NOTE:** MariaDB / MySQL users are defined as `'username'@'hostname'` so if the hostname of the server that the user is connecting from changes, you will need to make sure that this change is reflected in the database.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. **NOTE:** MariaDB / MySQL users are defined as `'username'@'hostname'` so if the hostname of the Rocky 8 web server is different than the hostname of the CentOS 7 web server, you will need to make sure that this change is reflected in the database.
```
